1. What are the ELF magic numbers?
ELF magic numbers are the first couple of bytes in a file. They are used to make sure that the file is executable for our processor type
As shown is elf.h, there are four
magic numbers. They are :
EI_MAG0  0, \177
EI_MAG1  1, 'E'
EI_MAG2  2, 'L'
EI_MAG3  3, 'F'

2. What is the difference between UIO_USERISPACE and UIO_USERSPACE? When should one use UIO_SYSSPACE instead?
UIO_USERSPACE is a bit in the instance of the uio structure that implies data transfer between user and kernel as it is not executable.
UIO_USERISPACE is a bit in the instance of the uio structure that implies code transfer between user and kernel as it is executable.

3. Why can the struct uio that is used to read in a segment be allocated on the stack in load_segment() (i.e., where does the memory read actually go)?
According to uio.h, uio is an abstraction encapsulating a memory block, some metadata about it, and also a cursor position associated
with working through it. The uio structure is used to manage blocks of data moved around by the kernel.

It can be allocated on the stack in load_segment because it is stored on virtual address VADDR. The segment on disk is located
at file offset OFFSET and has length FILESIZE. 

4. In runprogram(), why is it important to call vfs_close() before going to usermode?
In this function, vfs_open was called initially to open a file. After we are done with the file, 
vfs_close() will free up memory space by reference counting garbage collection of the struct vnode which 
is a abstract of the low level file.

5. What function forces the processor to switch into usermode? Is this function machine dependent?
The function mips_usermode in trap.c forces the processor to switch to user mode. It is machine dependent because it
uses assembly code. 

6. In what file are copyin and copyout defined? memmove? Why can't copyin and copyout be implemented as simply as memmove?
Copyin and copyout are defined in os161/src/kern/vm/copyinout.c
Memmove is defined in src/common/libc/string/memmove.c
Copyin and copyout are transfering data between two levels of authority like from users to kernel or kernel to user, which involves
two separate isolated memory spaces. For example, copyin and copyout need to copy pointer of data and value of data because the function 
needs to ensure that the value copied into kernel is valid in terms of value and address space, like if the pointer contains data that lies on
userspace and kernel which across the boundry line then this copy operation cannot succeed. 
However, memmove is just a C standard function that copies a block of memory and handling overlapping regions correctly. It does not need to 
handle copying data between two privilege levels.

7. What (briefly) is the purpose of userptr_t?
The userptr_t is a pointer to a one-byte struct, so it won't get mixed with other pointers. It points to userspace. 

8. What is the numerical value of the exception code for a MIPS system call?
Defined in the trapframe.h
#define EX_SYS    8    /* Syscall */
Hence it is 8.

9. How many bytes is an instruction in MIPS? (Answer this by reading syscall() carefully, not by looking somewhere else.)
According to line 141 in syscall.c, it says advance the program counter to avoid restarting the syscall over and over again.
From this, it can be logically deduced that the instructions are 4 bytes 

10. Why do you "probably want to change" the implementation of kill_curthread()?
I should add error handling into the function to prevent panic and actually kill the current thread
without killing the kernel directly. 
Currently, it just print outs the error details and panic.

11. What would be required to implement a system call that took more than 4 arguments?
According to the syscall.c, when we run out of registers, further arguments will be fetched from the user level stack,
starting at sp+16 to skip over the slots for the registered values, with copyin().

12. What is the purpose of the SYSCALL macro?
SYSCALL macro is used in assembly code as os161 program is processed by the C preprocessor (cpp).
It is the standard way for kernel code to define a system call.
In syscall.S, it loads the SYSCALL’s sym and num to dispatch to the correct register before calling syscall().

13. What is the MIPS instruction that actually triggers a system call? (Answer this by reading the source in this directory, not looking somewhere else.)
The instruction that actually triggers a system call is the the line syscall written in assembly on line 84 in syscalls-mips.S 

14. After reading syscalls-mips.S and syscall.c, you should be prepared to answer the following question: OS/161 supports 64-bit values; lseek() takes and returns a 64-bit offset value. Thus, lseek() takes a 32-bit file handle (arg0), a 64-bit offset (arg1), a 32-bit whence (arg2), and needs to return a 64-bit offset value. In void syscall(struct trapframe *tf) where will you find each of the three arguments (in which registers) and how will you return the 64-bit offset?
Found solution from comment in syscall.c.
Four args in a0-a3, the other args on the stack.
So arg0 is store a0, arg1 is store a1, arg2 in a2, arg3 in sp+16.
On successful return, zero in a3 register; return value in v0
v0 and v1 for a 64-bit return value.
On an error return, the error code is passed back in the v0 register, 
and the a3 register is set to 1 to indicate failure.

15. As you were reading the code in runprogram.c and loadelf.c, you probably noticed how the kernel manipulates the files. Which kernel function is called to open a file? Which macro is called to read the file? What about to write a file? Which data structure is used in the kernel to represent an open file? 
In runprogram.c, the function vfs_open is called to open the file
In loadelf.c, the function VOP_READ is called to read the file
Also in loadelf.c, the function VOP_WRITE is called to read the file
In the file vnode.h, the structure vnode is used to represent an open file 

16. What is the purpose of VOP_INCREF and VOP_DECREF?
These are reference count manipulation (handled above filesystem level).
VOP_INCREF will increment refcount which is a field inside its vnode structure.
VOP_DECREF will decrement refcount.
The purpose is keep track of how many reference is pointing towards this file, and when the refernce counting 
reaches zero, the program will do garabage collection freeing up the memory space.
